Add docs for how to add validations (#611)
github/view_component: docs/index.md

_**Note**: `call_*` methods must be public._

### Validations

> ViewComponent does not include built-in validation capabilities. However, this functionality
> can be easily added by using `ActiveModel::Validations`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ViewComponent does not include support for validations. However, it can be added by using `ActiveModel::Validations`:
```

```ruby
class ExampleComponent < ViewComponent::Base
  include ActiveModel::Validations

  # Requires that a content block be passed to the component
  validate :content, presence: true

  def before_render
    validate!
  end
end
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note: Using validations in this manner can lead to runtime exceptions. Use them wisely._

```

> _Note: Using validations in this manner can lead to runtime exceptions. Use them wisely._

Reviewer: ```suggestion

_Note: Using validations in this manner can lead to runtime exceptions. Use them wisely._
```
